Cross referencing tutorials and adding attribution to tutorial feedback links (#10339)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/in_app_messages/triggering_messages.md

    ```xml
    <string name="com_braze_flutter_automatic_integration_iam_operation">DISCARD</string>
    ```

> For more advanced control over message timing, including deferring and restoring triggered messages, see our [Tutorial: Deferring and restoring triggered messages]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/in_app_messages/tutorials/deferring_triggered_messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more advanced control over message timing, including deferring and restoring triggered messages, refer to our [Tutorial: Deferring and restoring triggered messages]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/in_app_messages/tutorials/deferring_triggered_messages).
```

{% endtab %}

{% tab swift %}
1. Implement the `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate` delegate in your app. For a full walkthrough, see [Tutorial: In-App Message UI](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/c1-inappmessageui).
2. Update your `inAppMessage(_:displayChoiceForMessage:)` delegate method to return `.discard`.

> For more advanced control over message timing, including deferring and restoring triggered messages, see our [Tutorial: Deferring and restoring triggered messages]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/in_app_messages/tutorials/deferring_triggered_messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more advanced control over message timing, including deferring and restoring triggered messages, refer to our [Tutorial: Deferring and restoring triggered messages]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/in_app_messages/tutorials/deferring_triggered_messages).
```
